README.md, before:

# DiscordBots
A place for developing Discord bots using the [discord.py library](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py).

## Contributing
We make the rules up as we go. Don't let not knowing anything about python stop you from writing an app in it. We sure didn't.

### Things you absolutely need:
 - **Git** - You can pick it up [here](https://git-scm.com/download/) if you don't have it. You need it to clone the repo.
 - **Python** - This allows you to run python scripts locally. Installing this is different depending on your host OS. Use google.
 - **PIP** - This is the python package manager. It pulls in the junk that other folks wrote that our awesome project needs.

### Some nice to haves:
People like using different things to get their local environment set up. Here is some of the stuff we use:

 - **Atom** - This is a lightweight program/text editor with a ton of nice plugins. It was developed by the fine folks here at GitHub. ([Download](https://atom.io/))
 - **Scoop** - This is a windows utility that acts like Homebrew. It is a command line installer and  application package manager/repository. You can use it to really easily install python for windows. ([Download](http://scoop.sh/))
 - **Cmder** - This is a really nice windows terminal. Please don't use native Windows cmd. Every time you do, a puppy dies. ([Download](http://cmder.net/))
 - _add more IDEs and cool things here..._

### Getting started:
Here are some quick, but detailed instructions on how to get the project running locally.
 - First, go to the [Discord Developers Page](https://discordapp.com/developers/docs/intro). This has a ton of good info you might need. Also it has a link to the [Applications Page](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications/me#top). Go there.
 - Make a new App by clicking on the circle with the plus inside.
 - Take your client ID from that page and use it in this URL: ```https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?&client_id=<CLIENT ID>&scope=bot&permissions=0```
 - Get your _token_ from that page and save it for later.
 - Clone this repo to your local machine.
 - From the root of the project:
    - Run `./install/install.bat` (install.sh to come for Mac folks)
    - _local database setup instructions tbd..._
    - Run the main application file with `python SkeletonMain.py <bot-token>` where the bot token is for the App you created.
- By default the bots will listen to mentions and commands after `!skeleton`.

Commit message:

Beautified code, install.bat and README.md changes
1) Beautified all SkeletonBot and GuildWars2Bot python scripts with nice
formatting.
2) Added required libraries for beautifying to install.bat.
3) Updated the README with additional information on Atom packages that
are nice to have.

README.md, after:

# DiscordBots
A place for developing Discord bots using the [discord.py library](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py).

## Contributing
We make the rules up as we go. Don't let not knowing anything about python stop you from writing an app in it. We sure didn't.

### Things you absolutely need:
 - **Git** - You can pick it up [here](https://git-scm.com/download/) if you don't have it. You need it to clone the repo.
 - **Python** - This allows you to run python scripts locally. Installing this is different depending on your host OS. Use google.
 - **PIP** - This is the python package manager. It pulls in the junk that other folks wrote that our awesome project needs.

### Some nice to haves:
People like using different things to get their local environment set up. Here is some of the stuff we use:

 - **Atom** - This is a lightweight program/text editor with a ton of nice plugins. It was developed by the fine folks here at GitHub. ([Download](https://atom.io/))
  - **Atom Packages that are nice to have: **
    - **[atom-runner](https://github.com/lsegal/atom-runner)** - Allows you to run python scripts from within Atom.
    - **[atom-beautify](https://atom.io/packages/atom-beautify)** - Allows you to easily make your python code look real pretty.
 - **Scoop** - This is a windows utility that acts like Homebrew. It is a command line installer and  application package manager/repository. You can use it to really easily install python for windows. ([Download](http://scoop.sh/))
 - **Cmder** - This is a really nice windows terminal. Please don't use native Windows cmd. Every time you do, a puppy dies. ([Download](http://cmder.net/))
 - _add more IDEs and cool things here..._

### Getting started:
Here are some quick, but detailed instructions on how to get the project running locally.
 - First, go to the [Discord Developers Page](https://discordapp.com/developers/docs/intro). This has a ton of good info you might need. Also it has a link to the [Applications Page](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications/me#top). Go there.
 - Make a new App by clicking on the circle with the plus inside.
 - Take your client ID from that page and use it in this URL: ```https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?&client_id=<CLIENT ID>&scope=bot&permissions=0```
 - Get your _token_ from that page and save it for later.
 - Clone this repo to your local machine.
 - From the root of the project:
    - Run `./install/install.bat` (install.sh to come for Mac folks)
    - _local database setup instructions tbd..._
    - Run the main application file with `python SkeletonMain.py <bot-token>` where the bot token is for the App you created.
- By default the bots will listen to mentions and commands after `!skeleton`.
